Misc "Without peeping through your window, you can see the Way of Heaven." -Lao Tzu "Heaven ain't hard to find." -2-Pac New Feature: Cool Fucking Thing of the Week From the literature: Patients Admitted to Emergency Services for Drunkenness: Moderate Alcohol Users or Harmful Drinkers? Michel Reynaud, et al., American Journal of Psychiatry , vol. 158, no. 1, 2001. "CONCLUSIONS: Patients admitted to emergency services with high blood alcohol levels should not be assumed to be moderate drinkers" Unskilled and Unaware of It: How Difficulties in Recognizing One's Own Incompetence Lead to Inflated Self-Assessments J. Kruger and D. Dunning, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , vol. 77, no. 6, 1999. Ultrasonic Velocity in Cheddar Cheese as Affected by Temperature A. Mulet, J. Benedito, J. Bon, and C. Rossello, Journal of Food Science , vol. 64, 1999. Magnetic resonance imaging of male and female genitals during coitus and female sexual arousal Schultz, W. W., et al., Brittish Medical Journal , vol. 319, 1999. The collapse of toilets in Glasgow Wyatt, J. P., McNaughton, G. W., Tullett, W. M., Scottish Medical Journal , vol. 38, no. 6, 1993. Life is sweet: candy consumption and longevity I. Lee and R. Paffenbarger Jr., Brittish Medical Journal , vol 317, 1998. Shaken, not stirred: bioanalytical study of the antioxidant activities of martinis J. R. Trevithick, et al., Brittish Medical Journal , vol. 318, 1999. Toilet Paper Usage in the Former Soviet Bloc and the Transition Fun with Java: A Lorenz Attractor "Those loops and spirals were infinitely deep, never quite joining, never intersecting. Yet they stayed inside a finite space, confined by a box. How could that be? How could infinitely many paths lie in a finite space?" -James Gleick, Chaos The Amazing Vincent Java-Thingy! A Java-Lava Lamp I don't know about you, but this is my favorite part of my website Other fun things: (Will be updated when I get the time) Fan mail Junk Mail Britney Spears' Guide to Semiconductor Physics MC Hawking's Crib Jesus of the Week The Rapture Index The tragic letters home of Corporal Albert Hilton The History of Mass Spec Electron Band Structure In Germanium, My Ass www.analtech.com The name says it all. Good online comics: This Modern World Red Meat The K Chronicles Websites I like to read on Saturday mornings: Analytical Chemistry Science Nature Biotech Nature Salon The Washington Post NY Times BBC Online Useful search engines: Science Direct Web of Science PubMed ExPasy
